Describe your contributions to your most recent full-stack React application and challenges you encountered.

- In my current role, we've recently rolled an entire new post submission flow (called Endorsements). This flow was pretty challenging because it required us to allow users to make adjustments to their applications after they have been submitted. I acted as the lead on this new feature / flow and managed a lot of the technical planning and design elements for the frontend work. This was pretty challenging because it required us to update a lot of existing forms / functionality we use as part of the application process to manually track changes a user makes. This becomes complicated as user can make multiple endorsements for a single application, it required a lot of planning to properly manage all the application state.

- One of the bigger challenges for this Epic actually came toward the end of this work. The backend devs that were working adjacent to us kept bumping into edge cases that required a lot of time to work around which eventually led us to revise the API contract that was decided upon at the start of the project. We ended up having to make some adjustments to how we were storing / updating the data to better integrate with the existing systems outside of our team and this also involved us having to redo some of the completed work on the frontend to accommodate the new changes.

Describe a project where you had to apply advanced CSS knowledge, including any CSS libraries.

- In my current project, we've had a decent amount of complex CSS issues. Currently we've implemented a component library that's based on Mantine with some added functionality. One such issue we had was these dynamic form pages. Essentially, we needed to build a form where the questions asked could have some different characteristics. Either they could be nested under other questions or have some custom validation or layout and was based on a giant list of questions provided / maintained by the product team.

- As a result, we had to build out these inputs where the label positioning in relation to the inputs could be changed depending on the type of question or props passed in. This involved a lot of custom CSS to move around the labels, show / hide errors, or dynamically apply flex styles. This also used pseudo-selectors (:last-child, :nth-child, etc) and a lot of dynamic targeting of components to properly manage. Thankfully we already had storybook implemented in the project so we could test these features independent of the application, but it involved a lot of edge cases.

- I've also done a good bit with Flexbox and CSS grid in our current project just to call it out, but I'm not sure I'd call those advanced compared to other CSS work

Describe an application that you built that required you to expose an API with a back-end relational database and any other integration.

- In a past job, I worked on a team with a Nest.js backend that acted as a middleman between our frontend platform and a Kafka queue. The Kafka queue helped distribute the load for our platform as we would get a lot of bulk updates as part of nightly runs. One of the functions of this Nest.js layer was to validate and transform data from the frontend. Initially, we had rigid validation that wasn't reusable across different parts of the data we were parsing which made any updates tedious. We updated this endpoint and released a V2 version that consumed the same data but decoupled a lot of the validation from individual fields. This involved investigating a solution that let us implement a tagging system based on the data passed in, allowing us to reject bad data before sending it to our Kafka layer.
